So today we will compare ICICI Lord
Elevate and Money Pal Cigna Sarva Plan. We will
talk about the
similarities and differences between the two. And we will
talk about the premium.
If you
want to watch separate videos, then separate videos of ICICI Lord Elevate are also available
on our channel and
videos of Money Pal Cigna Sarva Plan are also
available on our channel, you can check them.
Before starting the video, I would
like to introduce myself. My name is
Gurleen Kotku and I am a Certified
Financial Planner. I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 20 years
and every week I bring you videos so that
your personal finance journey and
insurance buying journey can become easy and happy
because the tagline of our company is
also the same - Creating a Wealth of
Happiness. Quick reminder before starting the video.
If you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, do so so that
you get the right information at the right
time. So we will compare ICICI Lord
Elevate and Money Pal Cigna.  The USP of the Saravaha plan
ISI Lord Elevate is its unique
selling point. The first point is the power
booster, which means you are given unlimited sum assured and there is
no upper limit to it.
Every year you will be given 100% bonus and there is no
upper limit to it. The second USP is
civil discount given on the first
year premium which is up to 15. If your
CIBIL score is good, then you can get a discount of up to 15%. The
third
benefit is that if
any amount of infighting claim comes, it will be
settled completely. If you
talk about infighting entry age money plan, then
its rider is Anand, which gives infighting benefit for your major illnesses,
that is coverage from day one. The
third USP is the piggy bank benefit, where
your sum assured increases by 100% and
you are given a maximum of up to 10x guaranteed bonus.
Now we will talk about the eligibility criteria of these plans.
So if we talk about room rent, then the
single private AC room is
ICAC.  In Lombard Elevate, we are talking about the base plan.
Money Pal Signal.
We are taking two plans here, Uttam and Param of Sarvaha.
Single private AC room is available in both Uttam and Param and room
run modification rider is available. If you
want to upgrade or downgrade, then in fact,
many riders are available in both these plans. You
can add whatever you want as per your choice,
like vanilla ice cream, you can add
any topping you want on vanilla ice cream, you
can add cherries, sprinklers,
chocolate, choco chips,
gems, whatever you like, you
can add. These are available in different riders and plans.
Now let's talk about minimum and
maximum entry age. Minimum entry age is
18 years. There is no maximum limit in Lombard Elevate, it is
125 years. By the way, the
minimum entry age is 91 days
for a child and 30 years for a dependent child.
Money Pal Signal  In both Sarva Uttam and Param, the
minimum entry age is 18, there is
no maximum limit. The
minimum entry age for children is 91 days and the maximum is 30
years. The minimum sum assured in ICC Loba
Daily Wait is 5 lakhs and maximum
unlimited option is also available.
In Manpal Cigna, the minimum sum assured is 5 lakhs. The
maximum policy tenure is one year, two years and
three years. If you
pay the premium for 2-3 years together, then the
insurance company gives you multi-tenor
discount. Talking about bonus,
guaranteed cumulated bonus is available in ICC Loba,
which is 20% but maximum it goes up
to 100% and it does not reduce in
case any claim is there. So, if you
get the bonus in any year and a
claim comes in the future, then your bonus will
not be deducted. In Money Plus Cigna, Sarva Uttam
and Param, you
can add on a rider for bonus, so that you will
get the bonus year after year. Day Care Day  Care
treatments are covered in both the plans, both
in Mani Pal Singna Sarvaha and ICC
Lombard Elevate. Daycare procedures are those
procedures where 24-hour
hospitalization is not mandatory, you get
discharged on the same day. Domicile
treatment is also covered in your policy. Up
to 30 days short domicile treatment is done
at home, it is also called hospital at home.
This happens in two scenarios,
first if your patient is so critical
that he cannot be taken to the hospital. Second, if
beds are not available in hospitals, then
domicile treatment is also covered in both the
policies. AYUSH hospitalization is AYUSH,
Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy,
their
hospitalization is also covered.
Up to 30 days refill benefit is available in both your plans, so
unlimited
number of times refill is available in ICC Lombard Elevate. If your
base sum gets exhausted, then you can add restoration benefit
in Mani Pal Singna Sarvaha Uttam plan.  You
can claim Wellness test in both plans. Param has an
inbuilt 100% off sum assured refill
and unlimited number of times
related and unrelated illnesses.
Both emergency road ambulance
is covered in both plans up to sum assured. Whatever actual
expenses will be incurred will be borne. Emergency air
ambulance can be added
in both plans through a rider by paying the premium.
In Compliant, you can add it through a rider and
once a year you get complimentary wellness
test. In Manipal Setne Sarva
Uttam, you can add it through a rider where as
Param has this inbuilt,
you can claim once a year. Wellness
benefits are available up to 30% in II
Lord A Manipal Signal Sarvaha also has 20%
available. Discount up to 20% is available
through wellness. Pre and post
hospitalization expenses are covered in both plans.
90 days pre and 180 days post
hospitalization expenses are covered in both plans.  It is covered, which means
you can get reimbursed the expenses of 90 days before going to the hospital and the expenses of the next 180 days,
provided they should be
related to the hospitalization
for which you were admitted.
You can add e-consultation in ICSA Lombard Elevate
through a rider. Unlimited e-consultation is inbuilt in both the Money Pal Cigna
Sarvaha plans.
Modern treatments and robotic
surgeries are covered up to the same amount in both the plans.
You can add non-payable items rider
in both the ICICI Lombard Elevate and Money Pal Cigna Sarvaha plans as a
rider.
OPD cover, so OPD cover
is available as a rider in ICICI Lombard Elevate. The rider
's name is B-Fit in ICICI Lombard Elevate. Its separate video
is also available, you can check out.
OPD benefit is not available in Money Pal Cigna Sarvaha.
Deductible deductible is
basically that amount.  It is what you pay first and
then the insurance company pays the claim,
so deductible is not available
in ICA Lord Elevate, Money Pal Cigna,
Money Pal Cigna Sarvaha. You can add it as a
rider. Deductible options are available,
so this basically reduces the premium.
Maternity Expenses: So,
you can add a rider in ICA Lord Elevate.
Maternity is covered with a waiting period of two years
and newborn baby coverage is also provided.
You can also add maternity benefit in Money Pal Cigna Sarvaha
with the rider.
Maternity and newborn baby
hospitalization expenses are covered up to a maximum of ₹1 lakh
and can be added through a rider. It is
available in Uttam.
Maternity benefit is not available in Param. Global
cover: Global coverage is not available in both the plans at
present. So now let's talk about
waiting periods. Whenever you
buy a policy, there are some waiting periods.  The
initial waiting period is 30 days.
In ICC Lord Elevate, the
waiting period for specific exclusions means the
waiting period for slow growing illnesses is 2
years. Slow growing illnesses will not be covered for 24 months. The
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 3 years. In Manpal Singhan
Sarvaha Uttam plan, the
waiting period for slow growing illnesses is 2 years which is
24 months and the
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 36 months which is
3 years. As I told you in Param, there is no
waiting period here,
neither there is any specific exclusion nor there is a
waiting period for your pre-existing disease. So
if you want to
take a plan with absolutely zero waiting period, there is Pal Singhan
Sarvaha Param plan in which there is no waiting
period, there is zero waiting period. Now let's
talk about the riders available.
So if we talk about riders, then
III  There are 18 riders available in Lombard
which you can choose. Durable
Medical Equipment, Dependent Accommodation
Benefit, Annual Health Check Ups, Claim
Protector, Power Booster, Infighting
Cover Network Advantage means if you
take Network Advantage, then if you go to only those hospitals
which have Preferred Partner
Network, then you are given some discount on
premium. Nursing at Home
Compassionate Visit If someone is admitted for a long time
and you can also avail the benefit of compassionate visit.
Inflation
Protector: Your sum is increased as per short inflation
every year. There are
many benefits which you can see.
One or two benefits which I would
like to highlight are Jump Start. If you want to get your
pre-existing condition which is Asthma,
Blood Pressure, Diabetes, Cholesterol etc.
covered from day one, then you
can choose this rider. Room Modify: You can upgrade
or downgrade the room. If you upgrade, the
premium will increase. If you downgrade, the
premium will decrease. There will be a
voluntary payment.  There is copayment which you can take and
B Fit which is your OPD rider. Now let's talk
about the riders of Moneypal Cigna Sarvaha. The riders in the Uttam plan are
that is restoration of sum assured. If you
want to get restoration done, there is Gullak
benefit which is your 1000% sum assured increase.
Meaning if your sum assured today is 10 lakhs, then
next year it will be 20 to 30 lakhs, maximum
it will go up to 1 crore. There is guaranteed cumet bonus.
Then there is Annual Health Checkup Saarthi where there is
reduction of PD (Dr. ABC) which is
diabetes, obesity, asthma, BP and
cholesterol. If you
want to get these things covered on 31 days, then you can take Saarthi rider. Then if
you want to cover maternity and newborn and baby expenses, then
you can take that rider too. There
is Surplus Benefit then there is personal accident cover,
temporary total disability, coverage for
non-medical items, air ambulance, room rent
modification.  Copayment and Deductible Similarly,
some riders are available in Money Pal Signal Sarvaha Param plan.
First, waiting means
you want to wait, this will reduce your premium
because you know that this is a
plan with zero waiting period. There is no
waiting period here. Now, suppose you do
not have any pre-assisting conditions and
you feel that you do
not want a waiting period for bike specific exclusions, then
you will opt for waiting, that is, you are okay to wait
for these conditions. Second
is surplus benefit, where you get additional 100% sum
assured from the first
claim. Only 2x cover is available. Personal
accident cover is available. Coverage for non-
medical expenses and durables, which is
called NM and DME.
You can take air ambulance room rent modification.
Voluntary copayment is available. Deductible is
available. Things you can choose to
reduce your premium. So, these are the premium details in
front of you. So, these were the details from my side about
ICICI Lord Aviate and Money Plus Signal.  If
you have any doubt regarding the Sarvaha plan or
want to ask anything, you can
reach out to us in the comment section.
Do not take any policy on the given number and if you found the video useful,
please share it with your friends and family
and do
not forget to subscribe to our channel so that you get the
right information at the right time. See you
soon in the next video with a new topic. Till then,
stay safe and take care. Bye Bye.